The design of the knowledge table is crucial for the annotations. Some errors in this matrix may affect the model predictions. Here, we listed some advice to help create a nice table.

- Check that all markers are working as intended. A marker that didn't work during the cytometer acquisition should be removed from the knowledge table, as it can confuse the model.
- Don't try to fill completely the table. In particular, don't hesitate to use "NA" when you are not sure (or check the literature).
- You don't have to use the complete panel of markers. If some markers are not important for the annotation, you better not consider them in the table. You can also write "NA" everywhere so that the marker will appear in the latent space.
- If you are surprised by Scyan predictions about one part of the data, target this cluster and use [`scyan.plot.probs_per_marker`](../api/probs_per_marker.md). You can find which marker caused the model not to predict it, and you can check this marker expression with `scanpy.pl.umap`.
- Note that if a population $A$ is labelled to be CD25+, then a cell that is CD25+ provides more confidence to the model towards this population than for a population $B$ for which CD25 is labelled "NA". Yet, if a cell is CD25-, then it will provide more confidence to the population $B$ than for the population $A$. Indeed, CD25- is strong evidence that the cell is not $A$, while it does not penalizes the population $B$ too much.
- One reason for not predicting a population may be to have an unbalanced knowledge quantity between two related populations. For instance, having 10 values inside the table for `CD4 T CM` cells versus 5 values for `CD4 T EM` cells will probably lead to predicting very few `CD4 T CM`. Indeed, one is too much constraint compared to the other, and `CD4 T EM` will become the "easy prediction".
- Try to provide at least one negative population and one positive population for each marker. For instance, if you provide only "NA" values and "1", then the model has no reference to understanding what is negative and what is positive, even though it should not cause any severe issue in most cases.
